Among Us is a 2018 online multiplayer social deduction game developed and published by American game studio Innersloth. It was released on iOS and Android devices in June 2018 and on Windows in November 2018, featuring cross-platform play between these platforms. The game was also ported for the Nintendo Switch in December 2020, and has planned releases for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S in 2021. The game was inspired by the party game Mafia and the science fiction horror film The Thing. Since the release of its first map, The Skeld, three other maps were added, those being MIRA HQ, Polus and The Airship. The Airship's design is based on Infiltrating the Airship from the Henry Stickmin series, another video game series developed by Innersloth.
The game takes place in a space-themed setting, in which players each take on one of two roles, most being Crewmates, and a predetermined number being Impostors. The goal of the Crewmates are to identify the Impostors, eliminate them, and complete tasks around the map; the Impostor's goal is to covertly sabotage and kill the Crewmates before they complete all of their tasks. Players suspected to be Impostors may be eliminated via a plurality vote, which any player may initiate by calling an emergency meeting (except during a crisis) or reporting a dead body. Crewmates win if all Impostors are ejected or all tasks are completed, whereas Impostors win if there is an equal number of Impostors and Crewmates, or if a critical sabotage goes unresolved.
While the game was initially released in 2018 to little mainstream attention, it received a massive influx of popularity in 2020 due to many well-known Twitch streamers and YouTubers playing it. The COVID-19 pandemic has also been credited to the growth of the game. The game received positive reviews from critics, being praised for its gameplay and setting, although it was criticized for its technical issues. In response to the game's popularity, Among Us 2 was announced in August 2020, however, the planned sequel was canceled a month later, and the team shifted its focus to improving the original game. Among Us has also inspired internet memes and achieved a very large following online.
n Among Us, players play as one of four to ten players, and can either be a "Crewmate" or an "Impostor". Each game has one to three Impostors in it. The number of Impostors can be changed at the start of the game.
Crewmates are given a list of tasks to complete at the start of the game. They can win if everyone does their tasks, or if they vote out all the Impostors.
Impostors can win by killing all the Crewmates, or killing enough Crewmates so that there are more Impostors than Crewmates. They do not have tasks, but instead have a list of "fake tasks". Impostors can pretend to complete these tasks to make it seem like they are not Impostors. Impostors can travel around the map using vents, and "sabotage" parts of the map (such as causing a reactor meltdown on The Skeld) to distract or kill other Crewmates.
Every player has a chance to call an emergency meeting or, when they see a dead body, to report it to everyone else. During a meeting, players can talk about who they think is the Impostor. This is the only time when players can talk to each other and vote. If a player gets the most votes, they are voted out, meaning they are removed from the game. Among Us does not let players use voice chat. Players can only talk by typing messages. Because of this, many players use services like Discord for voice chat.
When a player is killed by the Impostor, or if they are voted out, they become a ghost. Ghosts can not do things with other players, and they can not talk or vote during meetings. However, they can still do tasks, and see the rest of the game. Ghost Impostors can also sabotage to help their teammates. If both the Crewmates and the ghosts complete their tasks, the Crewmates will win.
please do not swear i dont like swearing swearing isnt good because god does not like it please dont do it and by it i mean swear because as i stated previously it is not a very christian thing to do and if youre jewish or something i dont care just dont swear my parents check my phone and if they saw a swear word they would make my hiney red because they would spank it over and over and over and over and over and over and as i was saying dont swear because my parents will see the swear word lingering on my ipod 3G in the youtube app because thats what i do i run a youtube channel on youtube and make swear-free videos for all the swear-free video enthusiasts out there who like to watch my videos of me not swearing staring at walls with no swear words written on them so what 
im trying to say is dont swear because if you do there will be a no swear video with a no swear wall but a yes swear comment section which will break the chain of non-swearing-ness which is what i adore so please do not swear within the youtube app on my channel because god doesnt like it he can see you when youre sleeping and he knows when youre awake he knows if youve been bad or good so be good for goodness sake oh You better watch out you better not cry better not pout im telling you why santa claus is coming to town with little tin horns and little toy drums rooty toot toots and rummy tum tums and i forgot the rest but see i copied and pasted that for you so you wouldnt swear aww isnt that sweet of me yes it is because i enjoy not swearing i love you.
In the United States, the First Amendment, which many people think entitles them to freedom of speech any time, anywhere, for any reason. It doesn't. Here's a list of things that are not protected speech. It's not complete, there are bound to be others as well: You can't harass people. You can't defame (slander/libel) people. You have no freedom of speech in a private place (including privately-owned online forums like Quora). The Constitution does not protect your work from being edited, deleted, or banned. That's entirely up to the owner.